[AUDIO LOGO]
>> MIKE HERRERA: I'm trying to
get everybody on the same page
with this because I was the
biggest non-believer of this
prior to this, any experiences.
I thought anybody who talked
about the subject was loony.
But then when I started
having these experiences
and now it's like--
feels like it's my calling and
my mission to get this out.
We're all the same
type of people
trying to get the same answers.
We all want to know
where we came from.
if life is out there.
Yes, it is.
I can tell you firsthand.
>> JOSH GOLEMBESKE: It's not
just about seeing a light
in the sky.
It's about what happens
to your life in the years
after those events.
>> HERRERA: And it actually
feels good to talk about this
for the first time
here publicly.
[THEME MUSIC]
>> JOSH: For some, contact
is a personal experience.
For others, it's a protocol--
planned, measurable,
and repeatable.
Today on Cosmic
Disclosure, we're
joined by former US
Marine Mike Herrera, who's
well-versed with psionics,
tech, and precision training
to make contact in the field.
I'm Josh Golembeske,
MUFON field investigator,
and your guest host.
Mike, welcome back to the show.
>> HERRERA: Thanks
for having me back on.
>> JOSH: Of course.
So you've had experiences
with skywatcher and psionics,
but before you were ever
associated with them,
did you have your own personal
experiences with contact?
>> HERRERA: Yes, I did.
And this is the first time I've
ever really talked about it
publicly.
And the reason being is because
what I've blown the whistle on
was already way over
people's heads as it is.
It's very hard for them
to grasp the understanding
that things like that do happen.
And thankful, but also
a little concerning
is that I'm not
the only one that's
had that issue happened in 2009
with similar type of operations
that people have came across.
>> JOSH: Wait, so did you have
contact experiences before 2009?
Or that sparked you to
be more interested in it,
and that led to your own
personal kind of exploration
into it?
>> HERRERA: That sparked it,
because that day confirmed two
things, and I've said this
publicly but I'm going
to continue saying it.
That day confirmed
two things for me.
One, that we now know
for a fact that humans do
possess this technology.
I know that personally as well.
And I think other
people are understanding
that that's a reality.
Two, is that we obviously got
that technology from something
else besides ourselves.
And we have a lot of brilliant
people in the scientific world,
especially in the programs
that can have some very out
of the box thinking that
they can keep it quiet.
But we obviously had a jump in
that technology from something.
Either crash
retrievals or instances
where we talk about
Roswell, which was
theorized that night vision,
Kevlar, and fiber optics
came from that crash that was
pretty much put into the public.
>> JOSH: So I know we're about
to jump into this incredible
event at Joshua Tree
National Park in California.
But before we get to that,
how did this start for you?
Like, how did you get into
trying to make contact?
>> HERRERA: Well, I stumbled
onto it accidentally.
I was at a very low
point in my life.
I had lost everything.
I lost my job.
I lost a relationship.
And I started
getting into the gym
because even when I
was in the military,
I was getting-- wanting
to get into bodybuilding.
So the thing is, I was
doing good in the gym,
but how do I work on
myself internally?
And one of the things
that was always suggested
was meditation, trying to
get your mind at peace.
I started doing that.
And I would go over to
Red Rocks, near Red Rocks.
It's like more Mount
Falcon park area that
is very adjacent to Red Rocks.
So I would start
meditating over there.
And there was a parking
lot that nobody knew about,
and I used to drive up there
probably about 10:00 or 11
o'clock at night.
And I would start just
sitting there relaxing.
I just wanted to get away
from everything and everybody
and just be isolated, but
be in a sense of nature
and just outdoors.
And I started meditating.
And I started getting
these weird feelings
because nobody was around.
So I then would get out of--
I literally opened my
eyes and look around,
and I would see some things
that would be in the sky.
And I didn't know
what they were.
>> JOSH: So you weren't
trying to reach out,
you were just meditating.
>> HERRERA: I was
just meditating.
>> JOSH: OK.
>> HERRERA: But then I started--
because what I was really was
trying to search was
like, is there anything,
like looking for an answer
from something, like God,
for example, like
give me an answer.
Instead it wasn't God that I
was unknowingly reaching out to.
And at the time, I didn't
even know what I was doing.
And I started seeing
these orange orbs appear
that were off in the sky
and off in the distance.
And sometimes you'd
see things that
would appear very
high up that were just
zigzagging across the sky.
But they're moving so fast and
they were changing directions.
And I was like, that's
not a satellite,
because they don't
change directions
off the fly like that.
And two, there's no
aircraft that I'm
aware of that can fly as
high as what they were at.
But I could see them
moving up there.
And so the second
time I did this,
I started having these
connections happen.
Like something felt like
it was right next to me.
And it's the only way I can
really describe it at the time.
And I was looking around,
I was like, well, there's
nobody up here.
Like what-- why is there a
sense that somebody is nearby?
Then all of a sudden, I would
see these orbs appear again.
And they would move from one
point, they would disappear,
they'd move over here,
they would have some ones
that were very high up.
The third time that I really
started catching onto it.
So when I would see
these orbs appear,
these anomaly appear, I would
ask it to move over here
and that's what it would do.
>> JOSH: Oh, really?
>> HERRERA: Yep.
>> JOSH: Wow.
>> HERRERA: That's when I kind
of freaked out because I was
like, there's nothing that can
really disappear and then move
over here with an
instant type of thought.
>> JOSH: Was it awe or was it
fear when that first happened?
>> HERRERA: A
little bit of both,
because I didn't
know what it was.
And I had speculation,
was this ET?
I mean, is this real?
Which I already knew
it was real based off
of my experience in 2009,
but I didn't have any contact
with non-humans at that point.
This was a rogue group of
former tier 1 operators that
are operating with a
clandestine organization that
has access to this technology
that's been reverse-engineered.
There was no indication that
there was non-humans present
during that event.
I never saw any.
And so the mindset
at the time was,
I was open to the idea of maybe
yes, extraterrestrials do exist,
but I had no idea that you
could ever contact them.
>> JOSH: Right.
>> HERRERA: One of the things
that really kind of made me
start tapping into this--
and this is how I got
involved with Dr. Greer.
One, I was, at the
time, I was working
a job where I was delivering
tires across the state.
So I had these routes that
would take me eight hours.
And I loved it because all I had
was window time the whole time.
I was by myself.
Just the open road.
I can go on adventures, I
can just think about things.
And so I had my
phone at the time.
I would have YouTube
videos that I would play,
but I would listen to things.
And for some reason, a video
of Dr. Greer talking about this
happened to play.
So he started
talking about this--
the protocols,
talking about CE5,
talking about making contact,
how they would appear,
what type of people who are
using meditation to do this.
I literally veered off the road,
parked on the side of the road,
and I was sitting there just
watching this, blown away
at the fact that somebody
else was talking about this.
I had no idea who Dr.
Greer was at the time.
So the more that I started
watching the stuff with Dr.
Stephen Greer, he started
talking about things
that I happen to
experience, talking
about classified
programs, talking
about reverse-engineered
tech, talking
about rogue organizations.
That is what basically got me
in tune with following him.
And then when he was
here in Boulder in 2018,
he had an event here.
And that's when
I approached him.
And I bought a book
because he was doing--
at that time he
was signing books.
So I was like, OK, well,
how do I get up to him
and tell him that I had an
experience with everybody now,
knowing that I've been public
about for the last couple years?
So I had mentioned that to him.
I got him to sign the
book and I told him,
I saw something when I
was deployed as a Marine,
and I kind of explained it.
And at first when I said that
I had experienced something,
he kind of like shrugged it off
because everybody says that.
And I get why, because
you get people that think
they see things or they do,
but it's something like when
they're trying to like--
>> JOSH: Yeah, like he gets
that all day, probably.
>> HERRERA: Exactly.
But when I had said something
along the lines of what
I had hypothesized
to be drug-smuggling,
that is when he stood up.
He told everybody, be quiet.
He handed me his card.
He told me not to get
rid of the information.
And then when Sean Ryan, when
he did his first appearance
on Sean Ryan talking about
these protections in place,
I had decided I wanted to
reach out to him at that point
and talk about this.
Because apparently in my view at
that time, he was the only one.
And that's why I felt like
he was the only one that
could really get
the message out,
because I wasn't wanting
to be public at that time.
So I had a phone
call with him that
lasted probably several hours.
I've talked about
what I now have
been public about, such as this
operation I encountered in 2009.
Then fast-forward
to June of a couple
years ago, the
National Press Club, I
made my appearance at in 2023.
He also had a two-day
event prior to that.
That was segueing
into that event
where a bunch of
other whistleblowers
were coming forward.
So fast-forward to
today, ever since I've
been able to come forward,
and at that point,
even before then of having
my experiences with contact,
it kind of intersected.
When I was talking to Jake,
at first, when I was basically
in communication with him, one
of the things, because he was,
one, he explained what I saw.
He knew exactly what it was.
He knew what his
descriptions were
because it was exactly what
they were dealing with.
So except he was an
operator at that level,
and I was somebody who was
just an incidental witness,
I had no idea that this
was even something remotely
into psionics or transportation
of psionic assets that
are recruited.
I had no idea until
he brought that up,
and he was able to prove to me
that that was really the case.
>> JOSH: Now, this
is fascinating.
I thought you got into
this once you met Jacob
after your experience in 2009.
I didn't realize that you
were an actual experiencer who
went through all that,
that led up to this moment.
That's amazing.
>> HERRERA: Well, the reason--
everybody can dread being
at a low point in your life,
being depressed, being--
I was at a point
where I committed--
almost committed suicide.
>> JOSH: Oh, I'm
sorry to hear that.
>> HERRERA: And it took-- this
is where I talk about the stress
inoculation before, of having
the stressors applied to get you
to respond in certain ways.
>> JOSH: Yeah.
>> HERRERA: This is
what segued into that.
>> JOSH: Wow.
>> HERRERA: And fortunately, the
method I tried to use did not
work because it malfunctioned,
but I'm thankful of that
because I would have missed
out on so much in this life.
And me now, where
I'm at, where I'm
able to contribute to mankind,
try to contribute to people,
and try to get
this issue solved.
Because I've had
experiences both
with the clandestine
operations, but also
with making contact now.
>> JOSH: So I don't
want to brush over that.
That's really important.
So you, at one point,
actually were so low
that you thought about or
attempted to take your own life.
>> HERRERA: Correct.
>> JOSH: And then through
contact experiences
and meditation, you
rebuilt up who you were.
>> HERRERA: Absolutely.
>> JOSH: Wow.
That's amazing.
>> HERRERA: Because here's the
thing, it's like not everybody--
like, I just
stumbled on to that.
I didn't know that this
sort of thing could be done.
So when I hear people talking
about it's impossible,
well, I'm not the
smartest person.
I'm not the brightest,
I'm not the strongest.
I'm a regular guy.
And that's what I try
to be all the time
and just try to be
level with everything.
And I'm telling people
that, yes, you can do this.
If you really put
your mind to it,
just like with anything
that you have to do,
you can achieve those results.
You can do this yourself.
>> JOSH: Let's move on to this
incredible encounter I want
to cover with you.
You said you had this event,
contact event, pre-Skywatcher,
at Joshua Tree
National Park, where--
tell me if the number
is wrong, but you're
reporting that up to
93 different anomalies
you saw in just one
hour during this event?
>> HERRERA: Absolutely.
>> JOSH: All right.
You got to walk me
through all that, please.
>> HERRERA: Yeah, so at
the Joshua Tree event,
Jake was present there.
So yeah, it was a
2024 July time frame.
This is when we were kind of
doing things with Dr. Greer
to show him some things.
But then also he was wanting to
learn how this also works, too.
So Greer was also a sounding
board for him as well.
So they're kind of mixing ideas
and trying to figure it out.
So we decided to
go to Joshua Tree
and do different methods of
contact that we could record.
And we have, one, we
have Flightradar24.
That way we can see oncoming
aircraft, helicopters,
you name it.
>> JOSH: Very
familiar with that.
>> HERRERA: They have an app
that tracks satellites such
as Starlink.
Because there was
a lot of Starlink
we were picking up, too.
But the problem is
Starlink is very linear
and just like
regular satellites,
they just orbit a certain path.
The anomaly that
we're having were
like white orbs that were
dancing with each other
off in the distance.
>> JOSH: Like erratically
moving around?
Yeah, that's very UFO-y.
>> HERRERA: Correct.
And it wasn't just like
it was just like there
and just like a bright
light, was just stationary.
This was actually moving.
They would disappear, they
would come into frame,
and then would-- because we
were getting video of this, too.
There were several
anomaly like orbs
that were on the ground
that would flash in and out.
There was blue-colored,
there was white colored.
We had instances like the
gold disk I've talked about
before that I've seen
many times appeared there,
and it just appears
for a second,
and then it just
disappears, moves over here.
We've had ones that
look like shooting
stars that would come like this,
and then it would just bank off.
Shooting stars don't do that.
But these were coming
in, look like one,
but then it would just
change course and fly up.
So we saw that quite a bit.
So Joshua Tree has a very
positive energy to it.
There's rumor that
there's something
underneath the
desert that's maybe
interdimensional or something
that attracts these.
>> JOSH: I've heard that, yeah.
>> HERRERA: That's what we were
basically trying to tap in.
>> JOSH: So when
you say 93, though,
every time an orb appeared,
there was a check.
Someone was keeping
track of it all?
>> HERRERA: We were counting.
Absolutely.
>> JOSH: So every time
the disk appeared,
every time an orb appeared--
they were on the ground, too?
>> HERRERA: Yep.
>> JOSH: Like how close to you?
>> HERRERA: Several feet.
>> JOSH: It's feet?
>> HERRERA: You think
those might have been--
we think those may
have been entities.
We don't think they were craft.
>> JOSH: Did it feel different
when they were that close?
>> HERRERA: Yeah.
Very, very energetic.
I mean, when I mean
energetic, I mean like power--
like near a power line.
And we're in the
middle of the desert.
There's nothing out there
power lines wise, right?
>> JOSH: Yeah, yeah.
>> HERRERA: And so to have that
feeling like you're standing
next to something that's making
your hair kind of stand up
or feel, that's what
we were feeling.
>> JOSH: Was there any
communication at all or any
like--
>> HERRERA: Warm feelings
is all we were feeling,
there was nothing like-- it
was a message was transmitted
to your--
>> JOSH: No downloads
or anything?
>> HERRERA: No,
nothing like that.
>> JOSH: OK.
Wow--
>> HERRERA: It was
like, hey, we're here.
You're here.
Like we're-- let's experience
this together is what that was
like.
>> JOSH: The ones that
were close to you,
what color were those?
>> HERRERA: Those were white
or blue orbs I kept seeing.
They would just flash.
>> JOSH: White and blue.
>> HERRERA: Some of them
would appear behind me.
So prior to Joshua Tree, we
also did an event in Sedona.
This was with Demi Lovato.
We were out in Sedona
doing some contact
because she's a very big
into this kind of stuff.
So it was good to
see her reactions
and good to see
them practice this.
And there was instances
where these orbs
would appear behind me, too.
In one instance, it
was strange because I
was sitting in a circle which
we had these chairs that we
were sitting in
there very relaxing
and everybody's in a circle.
Greer's across from me.
Demi's friend is over here.
Demi and her now
husband are over there.
And Paula Harris was there, too.
And I can't remember, there's
some people on Greer's team
were there.
There were two or three people.
We had did a meditation
cycle or basically getting
into the state, and they
said that they saw something
behind me, like appear
and then disappeared.
And usually the ones
that are closer to you
are more the entity-based,
they're not like craft,
because those are too big.
>> JOSH: Sure.
>> HERRERA: Even though
they can be right over you,
you could be in one for all, you
know that's landed on the ground
and you can feel it.
It's very odd.
>> JOSH: Wow.
>> HERRERA: And of course, they
kind shift in and out of this
reality or this dimension.
So they're kind
of partially here.
You could feel them,
but you can't see them.
Now, we had night
vision with us too.
So we can see some
things happen that you
can't see with your naked eye.
One instance that
was very odd to me
was I got slapped on
the side by something.
>> JOSH: Like on your shoulder?
>> HERRERA: On the left side.
>> JOSH: OK.
>> HERRERA: It slapped
like it made that sound.
>> JOSH: Did it feel like a
bro slap or was it like a--
>> HERRERA: It was--
it was pretty firm.
It was like--
>> JOSH: It's like,
"hey, I'm here."
>> HERRERA: Yeah, pretty much.
And there was nothing around.
It wasn't like an
animal had hit me
because nobody saw
anything flying away
or nothing like that
or nothing hit--
nothing hit the ground.
So it was very odd.
>> JOSH: Did it
feel threatening,
or was it more just
like, "hey, I'm here"?
>> HERRERA: It was just
like, "hey, we're here.
What's up?"
>> JOSH: That's incredible.
>> HERRERA: So it was odd.
And I was like, OK,
if that was something
that was touching me to get
my attention, who was it?
>> JOSH: Yeah.
>> HERRERA: Like, come on.
Like, let's have a conversation.
Because if you touch me,
let's shake hands, let's meet.
And of course, never
saw anything like that.
Never felt anything
like that either.
As far as--
>> JOSH: Who did you
speculate that was?
Was there any talk about what
race that was or nothing?
>> HERRERA: Nothing.
>> JOSH: OK.
OK.
And nothing happened after
that once you got touched?
>> HERRERA: Just visuals.
Just stuff like that.
Just orbs, just lights in
the sky, things like that.
And it was crazy because we were
out in the middle of nowhere.
>> JOSH: Yeah.
>> HERRERA: We were
off of any major paths,
and we were pretty isolated.
And this was like 2
o'clock in the morning.
And like I said, there's
these groups that
try to go out that try to
disrupt what you're doing,
regardless if it's skywatch or
regardless if it's even you,
for example, you may
see some helicopters
try to intercept
what you're doing
and this happens all the time.
We had some people
that for some reason
were in an ATV that were driving
by, and they had a truck too.
And they were driving
off and you can
hear some radio communication.
It wasn't like a
radio like somebody
listening to a radio station.
You could actually hear
people communicating.
>> JOSH: OK.
>> HERRERA: Yeah.
So they drive right past us.
They're going slow.
It's like they're
trying to intimidate us,
but it wasn't working.
And it was only when we started
getting results happening
from making contact and
stuff started to appear
is when we got their attention.
We don't know who they were.
>> JOSH: Oh, they
watching from a distance.
>> HERRERA: Absolutely.
>> JOSH: Yeah.
>> HERRERA: The other instance
in Joshua Tree is we had,
the same night, which no
aircraft were supposed to fly
low into a National Park,
especially military.
They're not allowed to do that.
We had a black
helicopter that literally
had its lights turned off.
That was-- and we
could hear this.
And as a matter of fact,
Jake was there with us
and he's like, oh, we're
ready if anything happens,
which they bring, they
bring their toys, of course,
because we got to
be safe and we got
to be protected because
we know that there's
people out there that don't
like why we're doing this.
They don't want
this to be known.
But I think everybody
should do this
because the more people
start doing this--
they can't control everybody.
>> JOSH: Yes.
>> HERRERA: The only people--
the only people that can control
this from not happening
is the doubts and the lack
of self-belief in this.
It's really what stops people.
>> JOSH: Belief is
super important.
>> HERRERA: Absolutely.
If you believe it,
you will see it.
You need to change your mindset.
I visualize us achieving
the goal of disclosure
and changing the world.
>> JOSH: First of all, you're
talking about the power
of consciousness.
>> HERRERA: Correct.
>> JOSH: And disclosure
is not going to just lead
to the realization of
other intelligences.
It's also going to potentially
evolve our own consciousness.
>> HERRERA: Absolutely.
I think that's a big key of it.
And that's my personal belief,
because if we evolve consciously
together, one, we get to be
better people because we're also
having the same kind of
breakthroughs personally, right?
I don't really
think people who are
going to be highly conscious
that are going to be bad.
There are some of
those people that can,
but when you achieve that
type of consciousness,
you also learn that
you're not really
going to be confrontational
or you're going to really
be adversarial
towards everybody else
because you understand
it's a waste of time.
There's no point to it.
We're all the same
type of people
trying to get the same response,
trying to get the same answers.
We all want-- we all want
to know where we came from.
We all want to know
if life is out there.
Yes it is.
I can tell you firsthand
with contracts.
I can tell you with everybody
else who came forward
that is legitimate, who's
also said the same things.
So it is a very real thing.
>> JOSH: How have you
personally changed in relation
to consciousness and how you
show up in the world pre these
events and post?
>> HERRERA: Well, I think I was
a very closed-minded individual
before that experience happened.
And I was like,
oh, everybody's got
ego and all this kind of stuff.
Ego doesn't get you
anywhere in this world.
It stunts your growth.
And I think everybody
needs to understand,
you got to put your ego
aside because, really, nobody
knows anything.
It's the truth.
And the reason why I
say this is because we
don't know what happened
thousands of years
ago, how the pyramids were
built. It's only speculation.
It's only theories.
We live in a world of theories.
We live in a world
where we experience
what our body is
basically developed
to encounter our
environment on Earth,
such as visual, smell,
touch, taste, feeling.
And the other sense that
people don't really tap into
is consciousness, spiritual.
Spiritual means that you
have belief in something.
>> JOSH: So you've become
more spiritual since these?
>> HERRERA: Absolutely.
I will say that,
spiritually, yes,
it's made me evolve into a
much higher consciousness
type of person to
understand that, why are we
fighting each other for this?
It really derails the process.
Your own personal life, too.
If you're very bitter
and very angry,
you need-- those people
need to change that.
There's no reason to be.
Life is too short to be
that, first and foremost.
And two, it's going to
derail everything that you're
trying to do for yourself.
I would have been in
that type of situation.
I've been every kind
of thing that you
could think of in that regard.
Now, I'm trying to help
people change their lives.
I coach people on bodybuilding.
I try to get people, even
business advice, things
like that.
I try to get people
to be better.
That's the reason why
I'm a Mason as well,
is because that's our
notion to take good men
and make them better.
That's how I found that.
And of course, I was a
Mason since I was 18.
So you can never be
satisfied with what
you're doing to the point
to where you stay stagnant.
You can be satisfied and embrace
what you've accomplished,
but move on to the
next challenge.
>> JOSH: God, what you just
explained is one of the most
fascinating aspects of contact,
how it changes people forever.
It's not just about
seeing a light in the sky,
it's about what happens
to your life in the years
after those events.
>> HERRERA: Absolutely.
>> JOSH: Like you're not alone
in your whole experience.
It's incredible.
>> HERRERA: And it actually
feels good to talk about this
for the first time
here publicly.
Because again, Jake and
a bunch of other people
said, no, you need to
stay quiet about that
until this starts to
become a regular thing.
And it is.
Hence with Skywatcher,
hence with CE5.
I've experienced both
with each groups.
>> JOSH: I want to
back up a little bit.
I just want to know when you're
having these contact events,
did you like--
after your first couple moments
where you really had contact,
did you look back and
think to yourself, wait,
was I already being
contacted before I went out
in a meditative
state, were there
are signs of something
happening almost
before that you didn't recognize
until after you had the moment?
>> HERRERA: I've had those
thoughts because what I think
the event in 2009 was
able to pull the veil off,
if that makes any sense.
>> JOSH: Yeah.
>> HERRERA: But you're having
this event happen where you see
something sitting there,
floating in a jungle that you
would never see anywhere else.
>> JOSH: That's wild.
>> HERRERA: It is
absolutely wild.
>> JOSH: But I guess what I'm
getting at is like in between
contact events, are you
having communication in a way?
Is there a knowing?
Is there anything else
between that you're
like, OK, I feel
like something's
trying to communicate with me?
>> HERRERA: I don't
think specifically.
I just think they happened
to be at the right place
at the right time, and they're
just like, "hey, we're here.
How's it going.
We're real."
>> JOSH: They're not showing up
in your dreams or anything like
that after the fact?
>> HERRERA: I've never
had anything like that.
>> JOSH: That's
something people report.
OK.
>> HERRERA: Yeah, I've never
had anything like that happen.
>> JOSH: So we're talking
about conscious transformation
spirituality.
And how does that relate to
these orbs that you're seeing?
Because I've heard a
lot about these orbs.
I know the ones up close you
mentioned could be actual ETs.
The ones in the
sky might be ships.
What are these actual orbs?
Are they connected
to spirituality?
Are they ETs themselves?
Or are they something else, an
interdimensional type entity?
I guess it's an ET, but
there's a difference there.
>> HERRERA: I can't sift
through the difference,
to be honest with you.
>> JOSH: Really.
It seems--
>> HERRERA: The only thing
I can see, visual wise,
is sometimes the orbs in the sky
when you have infrared and you
look through, you
can see a ship.
You can actually see
the entirety of it.
But to our vision, it
just looks like an orb.
So it's hidden in our
spectrum of regular vision.
>> JOSH: OK, I get it.
>> HERRERA: When you look in
the IR, you can see this ship,
its entirety.
It's not like there's a light to
it you can see the entire ship.
That orb is the ship, but you
can only see the energy from it,
is what I'm thinking.
>> JOSH: OK.
>> HERRERA: Now, I don't know
the answers to that until
somebody can back that up or
somebody understands exactly
what I'm saying and can
articulate more in a scientific
view, if there is.
But at the same time,
from what I personally
have been able to see
is, if I see an orb
and I have night vision and
I can look at it and see
there's a ship there, then yes.
As far as a being,
I have not really
looked at night
vision on the ground
because it gets very
difficult at that point.
>> JOSH: And when these
orbs are up close,
have you ever tried to initiate
like a two-way conversation with
them?
>> HERRERA: No.
>> JOSH: No?
>> HERRERA: That's one of the
things I'm wanting to work
on, is learning how to do that.
And some of these scientists
know how to do that.
So picking their brain
on how to do this
is my next evolution as far as
trying to refine this skill.
>> JOSH: I know a lot of people
are curious about how to make
contact.
I know there's protocols
you can look up online,
but do you have any practical
techniques or protocols you
can share with us right now?
>> HERRERA: Now, the
way I can describe this,
literally get into a meditative
state to where you can escape
from your body.
So to achieve that, I
was visualizing myself
like I could see my body
like right up above me.
Like I was just like
Google Earth type.
All of a sudden, I could
see the roof of the house.
I could see the street.
It's like I'm
zooming out to where
I can see where one of
the main intersections
that were closest to us.
And then I could see
Sloan's lake there.
I could see downtown
Denver lit up,
and I can just
start scrolling out
and just basically to where
I see the entire state.
I can see the entire
country lit up,
all the-- you can
see all the lights
through the East Coast
and the West Coast.
You can see where the entire
countries are also lit up too.
And then I zoom out and I
can see where the sun is.
I can see Mars, I can
see the other planets.
I can see our entire solar
system as an entirety.
I can then zoom out and I
can see the entire galaxy.
And then I can start
zooming out and see
multiple different galaxies.
And then when I'm
up to that point,
and this is when
basically it's like I'm
putting a connection
out there like,
"hey, if you're
right next to me,
this is where I'm located at.
Can you show yourselves here?"
Because I'm out in space,
and I can feel a connection.
So then it's like
you're sending a light
or a laser up in
the sky where you're
signaling where you're at.
And that's when I start to
feel that connection is made.
Then I open my eyes
and I'm looking, trying
to figure out where it is.
And then all of a sudden
they just appear and they're
right there.
There's been some times
where we've been doing this,
and I look straight up and
you see these white orbs that
have tails on them that
are moving like this,
and they just disappear.
As soon as you look at
them, they just disappear.
That's one of the most common
ones that I used usually to see.
>> JOSH: Wow, so in your
mind, you drift up into space,
you feel or elicit a connection,
and then you kind of like,
let them know where
you are, basically.
>> HERRERA: Yeah, physically.
>> JOSH: And you
physically let them know.
And then they appear because
they can travel instantaneously.
>> HERRERA: I'm trying to get
everybody on the same page with
this because I was the biggest
non-believer of this prior,
if there's any experiences.
I thought anybody who talked
about the subject was loony.
But then when I started to have
that event in '09 and I started
having these experiences,
and now it's like--
it feels like it's my calling
and my mission to get this out
so people can actually get
this and do this on their own.
Don't take my word for it.
Learn how you can
meditate yourself and get
to the point where if you
have to look online or even
listen to what I've
talked about previously.
And if you get into that
state of consciousness
and you can make contact
and have it for yourself,
you'll be another person
who's a believer, too.
I promise people that.
They just have to take
the veil off themselves,
and they have to
believe it first,
and then they will see it.
>> JOSH: Well, Mike, with that,
thank you again for coming
on Cosmic Disclosure.
I'm Josh Golembeske,
and that's it for today.
Thank you for watching.
[THEME MUSIC]